he is well 46 gold yes the right center
belarussian president for renault
on the delivery of trezeguet solo but
no
delighted
yesterday monday
and
and it goes in when de trezeguet too
stern again yeah
a kid from the training center
hu
thirty people who are jeremy janot
ronaldo again
and here he has wisely held the elected
and he has fun and have a good time
the stones
you
Here let go the hand behind but we will
to get back to recover this balloon
this is your name, but he has
played a christopher eric a kid of 10
years to note offsettable history
we are astonished
mize did that ridiculous
jessy gorry mill calmer at
senate